chore(docs): correct usage of "definition" and "declaration" terms for local variables (#2994)
tact-lang/tact: docs/src/content/docs/book/statements.mdx

## `let` statement {#let}

> The `let{:tact}` statement allows local and [block](#block)-scoped variable declaration. In Tact, variable declarations are also their definitions and **require** an initial value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `let{:tact}` statement allows local and [block](#block)-scoped variable definitions. In Tact, variables are mutable, but **require** to be initialized with an expression.
```
